
https://help.ptzoptics.com/support/solutions/articles/13000066852-ptzoptics-control-and-live-preview-for-android-devices

https://help.ptzoptics.com/support/solutions/articles/13000074716-accessing-the-rtsp-feed-of-a-ptzoptics-camera

--- Notes for "Help"

Tally (also known as the 'on-air' indication) lights are typically red, although some cameras and video switchers accept a preview tally signal, which is typically green

---
 Export settings & images to ptzoptics folder/settings.ini.
Add Export to PacketSender to this app.

Prefs:
   Brand/Model specific stuff:
   max preset, reserved presets
   has livestream, livestream URL, URL format
      PTZOptics rtsp://[ipaddress]:554/1 (and a /2 for hdmi?)
      and if it's html?
   has website, ditto.
      PTZOptics http://[ipaddress]:8080
   snapshot URL
      PTZOptics [ipaddress]:80/snapshot.jpg
   any other notable divergence from Sony, like OSD toggle.
   delay needed between start move and stop, esp for OSD.

Configure cameras: Other Settings icon button in Camera List.
 - set PTZOptics brand or not.


Lock scene name editing - part of the whole UI lock? "Lock UI" menu item?
 only if someone wants it in beta

Get the camera (or OBS output) actual aspect ratio for the live view constraint? 16:9 is the current default.
snapshot.jpg resolution options: 1920x1080 (16:9, 1.777) 960x600 (8:5, 1.6) 480x300 (1.6)

Pluggable controls:
Instead of the "Low light/sports day/night", have user-definable light settings. Like "Candles".
Also transition effects, like "relative zoom in".
  - alas, even the slowest zoom speed is way too fast.
  - a "record mode", that computes the difference between two scenes and saves just that change? Future.
Auto sharpness?
Preset speed with a "Set" button, so it doesn't override preset. (done)
 - Scene-specific local saves for presetRecall & anything else with no inq.
Focus lock/unlock - not in Sony?
PTZ Advanced View:
 Exposure mode dependent:
    Shutter speed up/down
    Iris brighter/darker
    Brightness up/down
 Image Color: Luminance Contrast Hue
    and show meaningful values, sheesh.

Range copy (recall/set) in Camera Scenes. Also range overlap check - intersectsIndexesInRange
Progress dialog for snapshot import... actually it's pretty fast. Keep it around for when we do range copy.

ArrayController in CameraList. It's so close. OTOH, it does work.
Check whether the NSViewController commitEditing actually does work, given that discard works.

Test importing a second different/overlapping set of cameras.

camlist & prefs window restoration

Clean up delete pref values on launch? (after undo is no longer possible)

NSTabViewController with the .toolbar tab style - see Prefs in obs-websocket-example

Advanced prefs:
 - ping timeout (although we determine it with binary search)
  - it's > 5 minutes
 - recall/set batch delay

Move "Home" to Position pane, add a Recall Home button there too

Reorder Windows menu items when @"prefCamera.menuIndex" changes.

Profiles so we can have optional clickthrough and user-specific window positions.

Restore tabbed windows into tabs. Yeah, real restoration would do that.

Log & timestamp: camera scene changes, OBS state changes. Then compare to OBS logs, because they're lagging.

Dynamic size adjustment on the font and grid buttons.

Failure to retrieve thumbnail: don't replace original, also image size went to zero, which broke recall.
- Image size didn't go to zero, we weren't handling the error return
- Am I not using snapshotImage anywhere? Maybe it was for the thumbnail, which is now the RTSP view?

Re-import from PTZOptics: show a preview of what will change.

Do the controls freeze because the cameras were disconnected?

Help menu "flag a problem". Also button. Also UI showing disconnected camera. It may still be in there.

NSAppSleepDisabled?

Image fetch needs a blocking flag; I suspect we're sending requests too frequently and they're overlapping, and that's why we get bad returns. Also check for the bad returns.
track the persistent commands do not let them overlap.
(actually it's the other ones that seem to trigger hangs)

make it clear why you can't add the same USB cam twice

Enable/disable cameras - the USB cam is not always connected.

Test the exposure etc recall - does it change for every scene?

UI to recall calibration shot (see webpage)
or not. it's an url command - pantiltreset - with no apparent visca equivalent.

ping camera causing hangs?

bug fixes:
    don’t auto show OSD menu if you only have toggle; the camera lies
    check for existing screenshot when copying

discontinuous set of ranges: for instance, 1-3 as a base, 120-125 for specials. So users don't have to copy 1-3 to pick up changes the next time they use 120.

 Multiple zoom clicks triggered bug? Also zoom doesn't show busy button

Reset range should not be limited to 9. Or even remove it, it doesn't seem to be that useful.
